1.	Mechanics

Over millennia we have seen the human species allocating large amounts of time, energy and finance to the development of faster communication methods, but what we have not done is refine exactly how we communicate with each other. This basic communication between two or more parties is still completely left open for people to self-teach and learn through trial and error. 
HAI seeks to bridge this cap by creating an AI (Assisted Intelligence) for each person who owns a mobile handset that can assist them in communicating more effectively and efficiently by utilizing the cornerstone of the forth industrial revolution namely Block-chain. HAI will be a social network, where users make use of its interfaces to connect, share, learn and work.

HAI consist of 4 interfaces namely:
1.	Human interactions (whether physical or virtual)
2.	Likewise data curation
3.	Community algorithm/program developers
4.	4 degrees of Separation
Each of the 4 interfaces interacts with each other by making use of each other’s services and shared data, users are paid for sharing data and for creating content.

HAI seeks to create a platform where people can feel free and secure to record their conversations on a STEEM based D-APP (decentralized app) which in turn is based on the open ledger technology that block-chain has provided.

1.	Human interactions

Whether we are having a conversation over some drinks, a boardroom meeting, our phone calls or instant messaging; one thing remains constant we sometimes fall victim to miscommunication which reduces our effective communication. 

Imagine a meeting between two friends and for argument sake let’s say we end up having an argument at the end of the conversation, what is the one thing we all do after that? We do post-interaction analysis where we think of all the witty things we ought to have said as come backs to the argument. 



This post-interaction analysis is what HAI will be assisting us in, in general (at first). This means that once we are done with the meeting, our phones have recorded our conversation (but our phones only record our voices and they are recorded separately on each device) (a training algorithm can be developed that learns to recognize our voices for our device or via the HAI platform), conversation has been transformed from verbal to written text and we now have a summarized version of the conversation or a written dialog of what was said (but still separately). 

We then go through all the statements we made individually and then decide which of the statements we want to combine with the other person’s so as to create the “block” which then gives us each the full scrutinized dialog which then finally gets analysed by HAI indicating basic analysis of the conversation (time spent talking about a topic, indication for when communication was sent and received with various responses eg. Imagine a small handheld device added to the mix; which can have some form of button (IO) system on it, where if I like what you said I simply click on the device which then indicates a successful sending and receiving of data/communication). This basic analysis done by HAI will be further evolved on, the more users make use of it and this is where the other 3 platforms come in.

Once the summarized “block” or dialog has been created, users then have the option to share this information on the Steem block chain anonymously and get paid a small fee through HAI tokens which are to be developed and based on Steem smart tokens. This compensation to users who make use of the platform seeks to revert the current statuesque of data mining being done by big data companies that mine user data and sell it to advertising companies without any compensation to the people supplying the data. 

This shared conversation data can then be used with local digital maps so as to create a spatial distribution map of trending topics being discussed in a region or area but this data is still quite raw and this is where the next interface of the HAI platform comes in.

Also to note is that once the block is created and shared with the network this data is linked to our accounts as well meaning that a Proof-of-work recording has now been created,  ie. There is recorded proof that we had a conversation and that we spent x minutes speaking about “quantum physics” and that you or me agreed and liked what was said indicating satisfaction.


2.	Likewise data curation

The more ways one can describe something always provides more information than just simply knowing what something is. This is the bases of likewise in that users of HAI can now opt to get paid a small fee for deciphering (giving likewise explanations or like the method Quora uses where users give answers to questions) the topics found in the local spatially distributed conversation network. This payment system will use a similar principle that the Steemit interface uses in that people get paid a fee for giving their own explanations for a trending topic and other users like this specific explanation, so a certain amount of likes and a payment is done. This utilization of people/users of the platform in the deciphering of raw data, adds value to our goal for HAI in that we want to lessen the need for Artificial Intelligence in our processing of data.


5.	Community algorithm/program developers

These are the techies that will utilise the filtered data coming from the likewise platform to create add-ons (programs/algorithms) in the same way that MMO’s like Elder Scrolls Online or World of Warcraft have. These add-ons are created by the community and they help users of the game improve their gaming. This same thinking can be applied to HAI where programmers can make useful add-ons that can be purchased by other users of the platform so as to be used in our conversation analysis. This creates the initial evolution of the post-interaction analysis seen in interface number 1, meaning that we won’t be having a basic analysis of our conversation anymore it will become more sophisticated now giving better suggestions based on the specific add-on purchased of the HAI developers market. These add-ons can be tailor made to any topic of discussion from work, sports, cooking, cleaning, religion etc.


3.	4 degrees of Separation

When we meet a familiar face in a small town hundreds of miles from where we know each other, we are always inclined to say what a small world we live in. This is true and there’s science that backs this statement. We used to live in a world of 7 degrees of separation but this has since dropped to 4 with Watsapp and Facebook connecting us from all over the world. HAI is fundamentally based in realizing Human Capital, seeing the potential in other people because we are all made of the same star dust as the planets revolving our sun. This means that great things can come from all corners of the world and HAI seeks to make this a true reality.

Interface 4 is the final evolution of interface 1, in that people can now make use of the proof-of-work principle in that they can now be rated by having more communication of a certain topic with others and so learn and teach as they continually progress in their strives for effective communication habits.

Every time a person shares their communication data, “exp” (experience) is created with regards to a certain topic and combined with the likes given by people that agree with what was said this creates a rating system where users can become consultants (or sages^^) in any specific field of application and now they can opt to render their consulting services to anyone on the HAI platform. This has the potential to drastically reduce consultation fees seen around the world as people can now have their day jobs and after work can spend an hour or two to just talk to someone that requires some assistance on a specific topic.




2.	Points to note:

1.	We wish to make it public for people on the Steem network to assist in developing this to realization. We believe it truly has the potential to bridge the gap between rich and poor by empowering every person that has a smart phone which in today’s life is almost a third of the world’s population.

2.	This idea is open for anyone to expand on, develop and share so that it can reach every corner of the globe and assist us all in our daily communication. 

3.	Once the project gains steam we can look back at everyone’s contributions and the community can decide how they wish to compensate us all who helped make this project a reality.


PATENT PENDING COPY RIGHT RESSERVED BLAH BLAH
